refactor: update oracle spec with pre and post conditions (#4)
interlay/interbtc-spec: interbtc-spec/docs/source/spec/oracle.rst

.. note:: This exchange oracle module is a bare minimum model that relies on a single trusted oracle source. Decentralized oracles are a difficult and open research problem that is outside of the scope of this specification. However, the general interface to get the exchange rate can remain the same even with different constructions.

The Exchange Rate Oracle receives a continuous data feed on the exchange rate between two currencies such as BTC and DOT.

The implementation of the oracle **is not part of this specification**. InterBTC assumes the oracle operates correctly and that the received data is reliable. 

Data Model
~~~~~~~~~~

Scalars
-------

ExchangeRate
............

> The base exchange rate, i.e. Planck per Satoshi. This exchange rate is used to determine how much collateral is required to issue a specific amount of interbtc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base exchange rate MUST be stored in the smallest denomination of the currency pair (e.g., Planck per Satoshi). This exchange rate is used to determine how much collateral is required to issue a specific amount of interBTC. 
```

.. note:: If the exchange rate between BTC and DOT is 2308 (i.e. 1 BTC = 2308 DOT) then we can convert to the base rate as follows:
    ``planck_per_satoshi = dot_per_btc * (10**dot_decimals / 10**btc_decimals)``
    ``230800 = 2308 * (10**10 / 10**8)``

> Implementation specifics may vary, but it is recommended that this exchange rate is stored as a fixed point number.

Reviewer: I would go as far as making this part of the specification.

```suggestion
The exchange rate MUST be stored in a 128-bit unsigned fixed-point representation.
```

.. note:: If the exchange rate between BTC and DOT is 2308 (i.e. 1 BTC = 2308 DOT) then we can convert to the base rate as follows:
    ``planck_per_satoshi = dot_per_btc * (10**dot_decimals / 10**btc_decimals)``
    ``230800 = 2308 * (10**10 / 10**8)``

The exchange rate MUST be stored in a 128-bit unsigned fixed-point representation.

SatoshiPerBytes
...............

The estimated Satoshis per bytes required to get a Bitcoin transaction included - see the :ref:`btcTxFeesPerByte`.

MaxDelay
........

The maximum delay in seconds between incoming calls providing exchange rate data. If the Exchange Rate Oracle receives no data for more than this period, the BTC Parachain enters an ``Error`` state with a ``ORACLE_OFFLINE`` error cause.

LastExchangeRateTime
....................

UNIX timestamp indicating when the last exchange rate data was received. 

Structs
-------

.. _btcTxFeesPerByte:

BtcTxFeesPerByte
................

The estimated inclusion time for a Bitcoin transaction MUST be stored in Satoshis per byte.

> * ``fast`` - the fee to include a BTC transaction within the next block.

Reviewer 2: Typically we display it in a table and include types. But I am fine with merging the PR now

> Enums

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Structs
```

> -----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-------
```

Author: Why?

Author: Ah for `Structs`...

.. _txFeesPerByte:

> TxFeesPerByte

Reviewer: I made a suggestion above to just rename this to structs

> TxFeesPerByte

Reviewer 2: Sure, but struct don't have the `: 0` part, and we typically display struct fields in table that includes their types, so it will need a small change

.............

> The estimated inclusion time for a Bitcoin transaction in Satoshis per byte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The estimated inclusion time for a Bitcoin transaction MUST be stored in Satoshis per byte.
```

setExchangeRate
---------------

> Set the latest base exchange rate. This function may invoke a check of vault collateral rates in the :ref:`vault-registry` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function sets the latest base exchange rate.
```

Specification
.............

*Function Signature*

``setExchangeRate(oracleId, rate)``

*Parameters*

* ``oracleId``: the oracle account calling this function.
* ``rate``: the fixed point exchange rate.

*Events*

* ``SetExchangeRate(oracleId, rate)``: Emits the new exchange rate when it is updated by the oracle.

*Preconditions*

* The function call MUST be signed by ``oracleId``.
* The BTC Parachain status in the :ref:`security` component MUST NOT be ``SHUTDOWN:2``.
* The oracle MUST be authorized.

*Postconditions*

* The ``ExchangeRate`` MUST be set to the provided ``rate``.
* The ``LastExchangeRateTime`` MUST be updated to the current time.

> * If the status in :ref:`security` is ``ERROR:1``, the system MUST recover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the status in :ref:`security` is ``ERROR:1``, the system MUST be set to ``RUNNING:0``.
```

.. _setSatoshiPerBytes:

setSatoshiPerBytes
------------------

Set the Satoshi per bytes fee rates.

Specification
.............

*Function Signature*

> ``setSatoshiPerBytes(oracleId, txFeesPerByte)``

Reviewer: We could update this to take a struct though. Might be a bit cleaner, what do you guys think?

> ``setSatoshiPerBytes(oracleId, txFeesPerByte)``

Reviewer 2: I don't feel strongly either way. Especially since we're likely removing this pallet soon anyway

> ``setSatoshiPerBytes(oracleId, txFeesPerByte)``

Author: I've updated the struct and field naming, but FWIW I don't think it matters that the interface in the Rust code is slightly different.

*Parameters*

* ``oracleId``: the oracle account calling this function.
* ``txFeesPerByte``: the estimated inclusion fees.

*Events*

* ``SetSatoshiPerByte(oracleId, txFeesPerByte)``: Emits the new btc fee rates when updated by the oracle.

*Preconditions*

* The function call MUST be signed by ``oracleId``.
* The BTC Parachain status in the :ref:`security` component MUST NOT be ``SHUTDOWN:2``.
* The oracle MUST be authorized.

*Postconditions*

* The ``SatoshiPerBytes`` MUST be set to the provided ``txFeesPerByte``.

.. _getExchangeRate:

getExchangeRate

> ---------------

Reviewer 2: Missing precondition: `!is_max_delay_passed()`

> *Returns*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> * Fixed point exchange rate value.

Reviewer 2: I think in other files we describe the return value as part as the postcondition, e.g. something  like "The fixed point exchange rate value MUST be returned by this function". 

Same for a couple of other functions below.

Reviewer: Agree, should be:
```suggestion
*Preconditions*

* The ``LastExchangeRateTime`` MUST NOT be before the current time minus the ``MaxDelay``.

*Postconditions*

* MUST return the fixed point base exchange rate.
```

> *Returns*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Postconditions*
```
